Today, the mechanical care factory GIGACH where we build the structure,
has been assigned as the representative house for the workshop.
Since it becomes my clubhouse,
I provide every opportunity such as the association for consumables,
and also as a junior high school.
It was placed in the middle of the Great War.
It was often used as a back-up for the Imperial Army,
and was often used as a back-up for the Imperial Army.
It was used as a back-up for the Imperial Army,
During this time, I would like to express my gratitude to everyone.
In addition, I would like to express my gratitude to the people of the South.
I would like to express my gratitude to the government,
and to the central government, and to the public.
Now, the enemy and the military are in a state of emergency.
We are in a critical situation, and we are in a critical situation.
The Imperial Army is finally over, and the Imperial Army is finally over.
The Great War soldiers are working day and night for the sake of the Great War.
They are continuing to lead the front and to defend the front.
The Imperial Army is facing a major battle in the rear.
It is only a way to defeat the enemy's rebellion.
It is also a way to gain the ultimate victory by attacking the enemy.
The Imperial Army is fighting day and night for the sake of the Great War.
The war is now in the middle of the nation.
Millions of people are awake to the terrible situation of a war without a single person left.
Finally, the Japanese have shown their strength and the Great War is over.
The Japanese have shown their strength and the Great War is over.